# SIF3012
Anime has to be banned, oh yes. Because it has turned today's youth into idiots of the lowest kind.
It's not uncommon for the biggest loser in the classroom to be the one who likes anime. A father who really loves his son will not only prohibit him from watching anime, but will also give him a good beating to prevent him from ever seeing anything related to it again in his life.
FACT: 80% of young people who watch anime, once they reach 18 years of age, get depressed at some point because they think they have wasted their life. The obsession has been so much that some not only are not satisfied with being obsessed animals, but also turn their lives into a sustained tribute to anime, which results in them being socially rejected because, obviously, people recognize them as retards. What's worse, many have fallen in love with Japanese culture in the process, which is why there are so many fools between the ages of 13 and 20 who think that Japan is paradise on earth.
FACT: 50% of young people who watch anime are so, so cork-headed that, even when they reach the age of 15, they get the idea that someone with a katana could beat an opponent who has a revolver. It is not uncommon to see teenagers who at some point have had masturbatory fantasies concerning anime characters: like Yuno Gasai, Rias Gremory, Nico Robin, or that Uzaki bitch they keep spamming on twitter.
FACT: 70% of people who watch anime believe that Japan is an earthly paradise, and that everyone lives happily there. Anime is the most degenerate form of animation that can exist because, to begin with, the characters are not even human beings: they have disproportionate eyes, huge heads, generally small mouths, and most would weigh, at most, 40 kg if their body were converted to reality.
And also, the most disgusting detail of the matter is that it tends to awaken the artistic vein of people, for which many start to waste good sheets of paper to try to scrutinize their own characters, and that just proves how idiotic and mediocre today's youngsters can be. The person who has perfected the style of anime drawing is a perfect idiot, because the reality is that they dont know how to draw for real, for the simple reason that if you ask them to draw something other than their "mold" of a typical anime male or female character (such as a fat man, or a middle-aged person) they will not be able to do it even moderately well. The most pathetic thing, of course, is that these people think that, under those conditions, they are qualified to make a comic, without knowing how to draw all kinds of people, weapons, vehicles, buildings, houses, interiors, etc.
FACT: 40% of young male anime adepts have a dangerous latent interior homosexuality, because most of the time, they themselves do not know that what most obsesses them about a character is not the argument behind it, but its physical appearance.
FACT: Anyone who uses an anime profile picture likes to have aircraft carrier anchors shoved up their ass.
My disgust towards anime is such that if a doctor had to remove a tumor from my body, and by chance I knew that said doctor watches anime, with great courage I would say no, I wont let his dirty hands on me.
Anime is visual gonorrhea, and it poisons the minds of all young people. In fact, I would not be exagerating when I say that anime is the mental McDonalds that fattens the brain, does not nourish it, and leaves stretch marks.
Do you know someone who is 23 years old and still a virgin? or do you suspect that they are a virgin? That friend watches anime in daily doses. Guaranteed. And like every fanatic who has fish shit on their brain instead of gray matter, they are screwed in the dimension of normality to which they are so extraterrestrial.
If during the 20th century the goverment of Japan had prohibited the visualization and distribution of anime, you can bet your life, your ass, your soul, or whatever else you want that the world would be a better place. People who watch anime have to be sprayed with roach killers, or burn their asses with a blowtorch.
And if anyone is mad at what I said, come find me. But it would be better for several people to come to my house at the same time so I can piss on you from the balcony.
Sorry for bad english
